Looking to play music at one of our events?  Please read the following information and then fill out the form below.

Live music played at venues, like Nashoba Valley Winery, require the host location to pay a royalty to a PRO Organization for using copywrited songs that the PRO represents.  If you only play original music, then you do not have to worry about checking your music because you own the rights to your music.   

PROs collect public performance royalties. When a song is played in public at our venue, the venue is required to be licensed to play that music. The PRO collects those payments, and distributes them to the rights holders.

Who are the PROs?  The biggest names in PROs in the United States are ASCAP, BMI, and SESAC and each represent different artists. Nashoba Valley is currently licensed by ASCAP and BMI to play the music of artist that they represent.  According to The New York Times, ASCAP and BMI licensing represents more than 95 percent of the songs available to businesses in the United States so we are confident that  your performance should not be unduely inconvenieced by a slight modification to your play list. 

We are not registered with SESAC and so it is important for us to manage the music played at our venue you.  No one is allowed to play any music of a musician that is represented by SESAC.   To play at Nashoba, you must agree to do a search of the music you intend to play and restrict your songs to artist represented by ASCAP or BMI.  You can search songs and artists allowed not not allowed by either of the search buttons below.  You must provide us with a list of the songs and the PRO company representing the artist.  It should take only a few minutes to search.  After your search and if you agree to comply with our licneses, please fill out the form below to submit a request to play at our venue.  

Thanks that you for working with us to preserve the rights of artists.  Your cooperation is truly appreciated.  We have found the safest approach to playing music that is licensed to be performed on our property is to only play music that is listed as ASCAP 100% –  Works in the ASCAP Repertory that are 100% controlled by ASCAP and its members.

Updated November 2025 

Song and Artist Search for ASCAP
Song and Artist Search for BMI
Song and Artist Search Represented by SESAC